Q: Which firmware do i need for the loader, which firmware versions are compatible with the loader?
<br>
A: The loader does not require a certain firmware version, it should be compatible with *all* firmware versions. A game launched with the SoftChip loader will use the custom IOS as firmware, the original nintendo IOS are ignored. Yes that means, if you want to play a game which requires a firmware update you don't like, you don't have to install the update. [Don't even think about deleting the official IOS to "clean" up your Wii! That's really a bad idea.]
<p>
Q: Where can i download a compiled .dol or a channel of the SoftChip loader?
<br>
A: There isn't an official release of the loader at the moment. As soon as it leaves its pre-alpha status we will upload an official .dol file. Until then you can download and compile the latest revision for yourself or you can, for example look at GBAtemp for compiled binarys. *Note: The SoftChip team will take no responibilty for unofficial compiled files.*
<p>
Q: I can't get <insert game name here> to work, what's wrong?
<br>
A: The compatibility of the loader depends mainly on the installed and used custom IOS. Until SoftChip's IOS is finished, it's recommend to use Waninkoko's Custom IOS36 rev07 or WiiGator's cIOS rev7. If a game does not work with WiiGator's Gamma Backup Loader, it's most likely it won't work with SoftChip's loader. If you are sure your game works with WiiGator's loader, but does not work with SoftChips, then please let us know.
<p>
Q: When i start a game, the Wii freezes with a green screen.
<br>
A: This should be an issue with imported games. Try again with video mode set to Disc Settings. Maybe this will be done automatically in a later revision.
<p>
Q: When i play NTSC games i get red and black video playback, what's wrong?
<br>
A: This is a known issue with NTSC games on a PAL Wii which is connected with a rgb cable to the tv. This is not the loader's fault, this can't be fixed by software. PAL Wiis support the following video modes:YUV, RGB and YPbPr and NTSC Wiis support: YUV, S-Video and YPbPr. That's why rgb cables shouldn't be working with NTSC video playback. However some tvs can display the NTSC video ouput correctly with a rgb cable. If you have this problem simply try different settings on your tv, S-Video on/off or another SCART connector in your tv. When this doesn't help, the SoftChip team regrets you have to use the crap cable which was delivered with your wii in order to get correct colors with your imported games. 
<p>Q: Are DVD+Rs supported? I can't get any game to work with a DVD+R.
<br>
A: When you use DVD+Rs you have to set the booktye to DVD-ROM. Some burners do it automatically, some can be easily set up to do it and some simply can't do it. If your burner can't do it, look out if there is an official firmware update for you burner, maybe this helps. For some burners there are custom firmwares available which allow to set the booktype, but please keep in mind, that a wrong update for your burner could do irreversible damage to it. Don't make the SoftChip team responsible for damages due to an unofficial firmware update.
<p>
Q: Which burning speed is the best for DVD-Rs and DVD+Rs?
<br>
A: This can't be answered easily. First of all: *Use only supported burning speeds*. For example 2.4x is not a supported writing speed for DVD-Rs, is only supported by DVD+Rs. Some people swear the best speed it the slowest possible, some swear on 8x or 12x and some people say maximum speed is the best. Sure is: The best burning speed depends on your burner/media combination. If you have problems with your burns try different speeds.
<p>
Q: Should i enable verification when i burn my discs?
<br>
Some people say yes and some people say no, it's useless. Some discs won't work if the verfication succeeded and some discs work even if the verification failed. You should think about what it means when the verfications fails and your PC isn't capable of copying everything back to your hard disc.
<p>
Q: Which burning software is supported?
<br>
A: Every software capable of burning iso files should do it. For Windows users: Many people made good experiences with Nero and ImgBurn.